Emerson. are you with the patient?
Stationed outside her room. ma'am.
Good. I need you to deliver
a message to her nurse.
What are you doing here?
Figured you might need some company.
What I really need is for you
to start the Judicial process
for installing an interim mayor.
Her condition's that bad?
Unlikely to survive the night.
I'll see you at home.
It wants what it wanted three months ago.
but the gas in the mines
didn't quite do the job. right?
The gas in the mines was for Lukas Kyle.
He was in the mines?
He got away.
But the gas did get the mayor.
Well. it sounds like the voice in there
thinks that was a good thing.
Heroic death and all.
And this.
this could stop the need
to put the drugs in the water.
I'll do it for you.
It has to be me.
[Sims] Yeah. I understand.
But you don't have to be alone.
[Amy] When will Mrs. Sims get here?
[Emerson] She's on her way now.
She wants her unconscious
when she arrives.
Hold her down.
- [shushes]
- [groans] What's going on?
- [softly] Okay. Okay. [shushing]
- [sighs] No.
- Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
- [groaning]
- It's okay. It's all right.
- Help! Help!
- Keep her quiet. [shushing]
- [groaning] Help! Help!
[shushes]
[muffled shouting]
[screams]
- [Amy grunts] No. no. no. no.
- [shouts]
[grunts. groans]
[Emerson grunting]
- [groans. yells]
- [grunts. pants]
[panting]
[breathes heavily] We have to go. Now.
[pants]
- Hey. Hey. hey. What are you doing?
- We have to call someone.
We have to call someone?
[Daniel] What the fuck?
- They just made a man disappear. okay?
- Goddamn it!
And they're probably listening
through our phones.
- What if Charlotte tries to call?
- You can't...
Daniel. you can't talk to Charlotte.
They'll be monitoring her calls.
We have to get away from here.
I just don't know...
- Wait. What...
- ...if my car is bugged or has a tracker.
What do you think this is?
[pants]
Someone made that man disappear.
Okay?
So now we have to get somewhere safe.
I think I know somewhere.
Where?
Okay. just-just-just...
don't show up until 10:00.
What am I supposed to do until then?
Whatever you do. don't go home.
[coughing]
You'll be all right. Nurse!
- Tell me she's okay. [sobs]
- [Knox] I don't know.
I tried to stay with her.
They wouldn't let me.
- I'm a total piece of shit.
- What are you talking about?
Jules reached out to me for help.
First I ignored her
and then I yelled at her.
You can't beat yourself up.
I left her alone in the mines.
- What happened to her?
- She went in to try and save people.
Of course she did.
They're not gonna let you
see her. [grunts]
[Camille] Hey. Emerson.
She's got a pulse.
Fuck.
[coughing]
Okay. Here. Take this. Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. Okay. Good.
[breathing deeply]
[raiders speaking indistinctly]
We gotta go. We gotta go.
[coughing]
[Molly] Sheriff.
So. what do you wanna know?
Just wanna confirm cause of death
was rat poison.
- [morgue tech] Can't do that.
- You need more time?
No. I mean. she wasn't poisoned.
I got a full house tonight whose C.O.D.
was aerosol-based rat poison.
Their lungs are fried.
Hers are kitchen clean.
Then what happened?
She was struck
in the back of the head. hard.
Pretty sure by a length of rebar.
There's a ribbed pattern in the wound.
- When?
- By the pooling? [sighs] Couple days.
Where did you find her?
One of the search teams went down
a closed-off tunnel. just to be sure.
Found her way back.
Maybe she was there for some reason.
and a-a ceiling caved in?
- They use rebar...
- No. When I said her lungs were clean.
I meant she didn't die in the mines.
Anyone who dies in there.
and I've seen a bunch over the years.
there's always dust in the lungs.
She was never supposed to be found.
Show me the wound. please.
Billings to Deputy Murphy.
[Murphy] Go ahead. Sheriff.
[Paul] If you see Carla McLain.
tell her to meet me in Supply.
It's about her shadow.
You find her?
Yeah.
[clears throat]
Okay. Not what I was expecting.
Obviously not your place.
What's that supposed to mean?
Just that you drive a 30-year-old Saab.
Not ironically.
And...
this is different.
[Helen] For the record.
I helped pick out the furniture.
For who?
[smacks lips]
Palmer. My ex.
[Daniel] And this Palmer is okay with you
just coming in and out whenever you want?
He's on assignment in South Sudan.
All right.
- Hey.
- Yeah.
Take off your shoes.
Wow. [exhales deeply]
First thing I do when a relationship ends
is bury all evidence deep in the earth.
But this guy's got a giant photo of you
up on his wall.
Yeah. Palmer is not like that.
Like what?
Petty.
So that's what you're into?
- Not-petty. Pulitzer-winning type guys.
- God. it was not a date.
There any food?
Help yourself.
Where'd you go between Steve's and here?
Just walked around.
tried to clear my head. You?
The office.
What office? You were fired.
Kept my key card. Needed a computer.
Okay. So. I did a bunch of searches
on Steve's address.
Oh. turns out. actually his name.
Steven Price.
Finally got what I thought
was going to be his cell.
Recording said the number was not in use.
Maybe it wasn't his.
Well. then I called the number for
the father of Charlotte's squadron leader.
- Mr. Alameda.
- Yep.
Recording said the number was not in use.
It was working the day before yesterday.
Who the fuck are we dealing with?
So do we go to the police?
I'm guessing they're the kind of people
who would make sure that goes nowhere.
These expired two years ago.
No. stop. Ew.
Here.
- You had these the whole time?
- What is our next move?
Do we even have one?
I mean. without that comms recording.
we are move-less.
Well. he said someone in Moldova
recorded the unencrypted comms.
If we could find out who that is.
maybe we can get another copy
of the recording. Leak it.
How do we find someone
we know nothing about?
You know. at Steve's. that chess game.
Weird. right? It's like his whole mood
shifted when his turn was up.
There was something going on.
He was. like. a couple of moves away
from mate. and he just exposed his king.
Maybe he was just distracted.
And what if he wasn't playing to win?
What if he was playing to communicate?
What do you mean?
[chuckles] Okay.
When Snowden leaked
those NSA documents in 2013.
it came out that government agents were
using World of Warcraft
to infiltrate terrorist organizations.
They thought the terrorists might be
using online games to communicate.
What would he be trying to say?
I don't know.
The king... the king has fallen?
Look. it doesn't matter what he meant.
If we can just find out
who his opponent was.
we may have another lead.
How do we do that?
Okay. I caught just the tail end
of his username.
[paper rustling]
It was something. something...
"big foot lives."
Well. that's ridiculous.
- Great. We got him.
- A little. [chuckles]
It's what I saw.
What?
Well. you're good at this. Nancy Drew.
Mmm...
No. no. Don't call me that.
They called you that at school?
It's a sore point?
Call me that again. Find out.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you in your sleep.
[whistling]
[inhales deeply] Lukas fucking Kyle.
They tell me you've been looking for me.
- [Kennedy] Mm-hmm.
- Mmm. Okay.
I'm afraid you're not gonna like
what I have to say.
What do you have to say?
You and your Outsiders keep
telling people it's safe outside.
- Because it is.
- [Lukas] No. It isn't.
What you see on the screens
in the cafeteria.
that's exactly what it's like.
[smacks lips] Fuck me.
They got to you.
No wonder we couldn't find him.
He was probably their guest
in a big apartment up top.
I've been in the mines.
I've seen the cleaning video. asshole.
I know that they're lying.
It is a fucking paradise out there.
That video gets put in the helmets
so whoever they send outside
actually cleans.
[chuckles]
Video in the helmet?
You believe him?
Why would he lie?
"Why would he lie?"
- Are you fucking...
- Shit.
- [Kennedy] What are you doing?
- [grunts]
Raiders are looking for somebody.
This level's crawling.
[Kennedy] All right.
[Lukas] Look. whether you believe me
or not. it doesn't matter.
These three kept me from being hauled in
by the raiders.
And they wanted me to meet you.
I figured I owed them that.
- but now I gotta go.
- No!
[Kennedy] Great.
Go back to your big pals up top.
Hey. Juliette came looking for me
in the mines.
I'm gonna find her.
- Move.
- Nobody's going anywhere. Stay. Stop it.
- [doorknob rattles]
- Shit.
[raider 1] Judicial Security. Open up.
- [knocks on door]
- [Johnny] Judicial Security. Open up.
[raider 1] Judicial Security. Open up.
[sighs]
Looks like you're stuck with us.
- Step back.
- My friend's in there
fighting for her life. I need to see her.
This area is on lockdown.
Nobody in or out.
If you don't step back...
- What are you gonna do?
- Hey. hey. Shirl.
We tried. Shirl.
What if she doesn't make it?
What if we don't get to see her?
You're definitely not gonna see her if
you're locked up for assaulting a raider.
[Shirley exhales sharply]
Let me talk to him.
I didn't introduce myself.
My name is Knox.
I'm the head of Mechanical.
My friend here. she and the mayor have
known each other since they were kids.
She just wants to say hey. tell her she's
thinking of her. then she'll be right out.
Head of Mechanical. huh?
You led the rebellion.
- Well...
- I was down there in the generator room.
Saw all that gunpowder.
I said. instead of marching you upstairs.
we should put you all in there
with the gunpowder.
then light a match.
What do you think?
Hmm.
I think...
I think you're entitled to your opinion.
This is mine.
[grunting. groaning]
[raiders shouting]
Fuck!
[straining. shouting]
[grunting]
[grunting continues]
[Sims] We have a situation.
Mayor Nichols is somewhere on this level.
She may be with the nurse.
All the cameras in Medical were shut down.
You take this corridor.
You take that corridor.
But remember. I need you to be discreet.
How did we miss this. Rob? How?
We-We handpicked that nurse.
You said she was loyal.
- Always followed orders.
- She did. until now.
Until...
She must've sensed
why you were coming down.
If we don't get this done...
- We will.
- [Camille] How?
[Sims] I know
the nurse's file pretty well.
If they get off this level. I have an idea
where she might take Nichols.
- [Camille] Where?
- She has family down below.
[Camille] Okay. Send raiders.
Camille. we need to handle this quietly.
I'll get ahead of them.
This has to end tonight. Rob.
I'll take care of her myself.
[Sims] Johnny. if you find them.
keep it off the radio.
Send a message straight to my office.
We have people on this level.
Send someone to levels above and below.
And when Emerson comes to.
I want anything useful she can remember.
She's alive and she's gotten away.
- Oh. shit.
- I think Sims and his wife want her dead.
What? Why?
No idea.
I need to follow him.
[Johnny] Hey. you! Stop talking to him.
Step away from the prisoner.
or you're gonna join him.
Just telling him this is what he gets
for being an asshole.
[raider 2] This room is locked.
You have the key?
They're going to see us
as soon as we leave.
- We're not leaving through the door.
- Huh?
I basically grew up in Medical.
and I found out a long time ago.
someone got tired of going all the way to
the stairs to get down to the next level.
Okay. come on. Let's go. Let's go.
Hey. No.
Listen. I'm the reason
you started getting your memory back.
- I took you off the forgetting drugs.
- No. I spit them out.
Okay. even before that.
someone asked me to replace them.
- Who?
- Look. we don't have time for that.
Right now.
your choice is with me or the raiders.
- Hello?
- [dog barks]
Oh. sorry.
I-I thought I was the only one here.
Uh... She's friendly. Don't worry.
Sheriff Billings.
I've never met one of you before.
You know.
we don't get a lot of sheriffs visiting.
- especially in the middle of the night.
- [chuckles]
I'm looking for Carla McLain.
[sighs] McLain?
Oh. she hasn't been up here for months.
I'm expecting her.
Fair enough.
- Nice to meet you. Sheriff.
- Yeah.
- What's your name?
- Uh. Mike.
- Mike what?
- Davidson.
Orla Kent's boyfriend.
Got your name from her sister.
Oh. right. Yeah. of course.
Sheila. Yeah.
Have you found Orla yet?
Hope to soon.
- When was the last time you saw her?
- Here. at work.
Just outside Critical Supply.
How'd she seem?
- In what way?
- Her mood.
- What she talked about...
- Oh. yeah. No. no.
She seemed good. Yeah.
She'd just been up at that. um...
uh... council thing.
And she was on her way home.
- You go with her?
- No. no.
I was too focused on giving Dandy here
some exercise.
Yeah. the bay we were in was deep.
It means I can throw the ball
and give her a good run.
Yeah. we said goodbye
and I haven't seen her since.
But you don't seem too worried.
Orla's more independent
than people think. family included.
You know. I'm sure there's. uh...
plenty of things she's gotten into that
even I don't know about.
[chuckles]
- Thank you for your time.
- See you.
[panting. grunts]
They've moved on from Medical.
[panting]
[Amy] Here. take this. Take it.
[banging on door]
[Johnny] By Judicial order.
open the door immediately!
- [knocking on door]
- [raider 1] Open up!
[breathing heavily]
All right. Okay. deep breaths. Okay?
Listen. I'll draw them away from you.
When it's safe. go to the...
When it's safe. go to the pump room on 76.
- What? Okay.
- Okay? Seventy-six. Good.
Wait. wait. wait. Wait. Hey!
[breathing heavily]
[Johnny] That's the nurse. Grab her.
- Hey!
- [exhales deeply] No. no!
[grunting] Let me go!
[Johnny] Where's the mayor?
- [Amy] She's passed out in Medical.
- [Johnny] Show us.
[Amy strains]
[breathing heavily. groans]
[grunts]
[groans]
Daniel?
He ran.
He fucking ran.
- [keys jangling]
- [door unlocks. opens]
Hey.
- Hey.
- What?
I thought you chickened out.
So you missed me?
Where'd you even go?
Oh. my God.
There are black ops assholes after us.
and you think doughnuts?
And bear claws.
You're an idiot.
There's a bodega around the corner.
The owner wouldn't let me use his phone
unless I spent ten bucks. so breakfast.
No. I told you we couldn't call Charlotte.
I didn't call Charlotte.
But get dressed.
we-we have an appointment in an hour.
- What? Where?
- Um...
The Pentagon.
[ominous music playing]
[exhales shakily]
[music intensifies]
- [Sims] You need to listen to me.
- [breathes shakily]
- [panting. grunts]
- Move.
Go.
- [softly] Go. go. go.
- [panting]
[whispering] Hey!
- They are trying to kill you.
- [whispering] Okay. [panting]
How the fuck did he know
that I was gonna go there?
We gotta get down to Mechanical.
We got places we can hide you.
I need... I need to find Lukas.
Lukas is dead.
No. I...
No. I talked to him.
I-I-I saw him in the mines. No.
Okay. can you at least take me
where you took him?
- The Digger Void is sealed off.
- [panting]
Okay. can you take me as far as you can?
Fine.
Kenny G in the flesh.
- God. Sam the Ram.
- [chuckling]
[both chuckle]
You look good. man.
That's my assistant Helen.
- Hi. nice to meet you.
- Sam Ramsey.
- Shall we go for a walk? Yeah.
- Yeah. Let's go.
How do you two know each other?
- [Daniel] We served overseas.
- [Sam] Yeah. no big deal.
We were in a band.
- You were in a band?
- The Lost Boys.
Oh. [chuckling]
- Uh-huh.
- No. no. no. no.
- Yeah. we did '80s covers.
- No.
Your old boss here used to
- shred on the sax...
- Wow.
...back before we became
boring civil servants.
At least you get to hang out
at the Pentagon.
I'm stuck at a call center.
begging for votes.
Ah. so that's really why you came here.
He wants me to hack into
the voting machines. get him reelected.
- [both chuckle]
- Nice try. K.G. Nice try.
Um...
I need your help. Sam.
Yeah. You wanted a general meeting
about cybersecurity.
I need you to find someone.
[ominous music playing]
[sighs] What kinda someone?
A player in an online chess game.
We have one player's username.
so we just need to find out
who his opponent was.
Doesn't exactly sound like
official government business.
My sister Charlotte
flew in the Iran operation.
Her sortie went very wrong.
but she's the only one
of her squadron who survived.
- Shit.
- [Daniel] Yeah.
She okay?
That's TBD right now. Her memory's shot.
She had concerns about the mission.
And then we managed to track down
a comms recording.
- That's all encrypted.
- They weren't encrypted.
We heard it. It's just 20 seconds.
- but it was one of her concerns.
- Wait. wait. wait.
What exactly did you hear. Dan?
- What did you hear?
- Airplanes
that were no longer controlled
by their pilots.
Now our contact's gone missing.
along with the recording.
You're not really his assistant. are you?
Something really fucked up
happened on that mission. Sam.
- And we have to find that recording.
- And you figured since we played
"Don't You Want Me" and "Rich Girl". I'd
help you get access to military secrets?
I have a sister too. Dan.
And a wife. and kids.
Oh. and I pledged my allegiance.
And signed so many secrecy documents
you wouldn't believe.
Except. no. you would believe
- because you signed them too.
- Yeah.
I have to take a lie detector test
- every six months.
- Sam. Sam.
- I get it.
- Do you get it?
[sucks teeth]
Listen. if it was my sister.
I'd want to know what happened too.
Of course she's an insurance agent.
so unlikely. [chuckles]
If you ever want to jam
for old time's sake.
- call me.
- Yeah.
Right. I better go.
[sighing] Okay. Uh. now what?
What?
Yeah. uh.
that guy was at Alameda's funeral.
He was at my office the day I was fired.
You sure?
Hello. Daniel. Helen.
Why don't we grab a coffee?
My treat.
You're sure I can't get you anything?
Helen. anything?
- I'm good. thank you.
- Okay.
I think we're-we're all... we're all set.
Appreciate it.
- Then I suppose I'll get to the point.
- What happened
to our contact in Baltimore?
Is he dead. or is he just
off being tortured somewhere?
Steven Price now occupies
a highly coveted position
at the Radford Group.
a cybersecurity think tank.
I imagine you were thinking
of Senior Pilot Alameda's father.
- [chuckles] Uh.
- After his son's funeral.
he received a very generous loan
to bail out his brother's woodworking shop
- in Tehachapi. California.
- In exchange for what?
If I may.
the two of you are endangering
something very important.
[Helen] You didn't tell us your name.
I usually like to know
- who's fucking me over. even if they do...
- I am merely a representative
of people who have the ability
to offer you a second chance.
I imagine the Times was
a dream job at one point. yes?
I've taken the liberty
of contacting the editor.
He's open to meeting with you.
despite your reputation
for journalistic fraud.
It would be a shame for your talent
to go to waste over one mistake.
[chuckles]
Go fuck yourself. You got me fired.
All it takes is one phone call.
Think about it.
Cool. So. uh. what kind of. uh.
cash and prizes are you gonna offer me?
In your case. Congressman.
it's not about you.
How fucking dare he threaten
to withdraw care for Charlotte.
[Helen] Yeah. it sucks.
- What?
- Sorry?
That sounded like there was gonna
be a but there. It sucks. but...
I mean. he wasn't technically threatening
to withdraw care for Charlotte.
He just. you know.
he said that the level of trauma therapy
the clinic provides is expensive
- and outside of insurance. and. uh...
- Sorry. I'm... [stammers]
I'm having a hard time
seeing the difference.
[footsteps approaching]
I can... I'm a United States Congressman.
I can get in front of cameras.
I can tell 'em what we know.
Which is what?
- That Charlotte's mission was fucked up.
- Can you prove that?
I can subpoena records.
I can subpoena the comms recording.
Daniel. nothing will be found.
Oh.
Wow.
You want the Times gig.
Excuse me?
Maybe it's time you open up
about your little. uh.
problem with journalistic fraud?
If you had gone
beyond my LinkedIn profile.
you would already know this.
And of course I want a job at the Times.
you sanctimonious fuck.
But I also want Charlotte
to get the care that she needs. you know.
She's your sister. but she's my source. I...
So what am I supposed to do?
Just supposed to go back to my cubicle?
- I don't know. I don't know.
- Be a good dog?
I just hope whatever you do.
will you please keep your head down?
- There will be eyes on us making sure...
- Jesus.
...that we got the message. Daniel.
[sighs. breathes deeply]
What are you gonna do?
The ex is gone another week.
I'll hole up at his.
I have to think. Daniel.
You?
Take me a week to catch up
on all the work I missed.
so I guess I'll just go and do that.
Congressman.
- [softly] What?
- [softly] Huh?
Oh. um...
I just. um...
[clicks tongue]
...you know. uh...
they had me on all this...
the pills. the medicine
and it fucked with my brain.
but I get this feeling with people.
Like with Knox.
I don't know why. but every time
I fucking see him. I just...
You two didn't always get along.
I think what I'm trying to say is.
with you. I feel like...
If someone would do anything
to you. I. uh...
I don't know. it's. like. I would
kill them or something. you know?
That's just what I meant.
It doesn't matter. Just...
[footsteps approaching]
[tense music playing]
Ossie. Ossie.
[in normal voice] Morning. Shirley.
- What are you doing down there?
- I need two to go down.
- Chair team will be here soon.
- No. Can't wait.
We're not heavy. I trust your arms.
Madam Mayor.
Yeah.
The main thing is.
if anyone comes down in the next
half hour. even if they're raiders.
could you just tell them
there's an equipment problem?
That they have to wait?
Yeah. We've been having issues
with the pulleys jamming.
- Might take a while to get them free.
- Okay. Let's go.
Great.
[knocking rhythmically on door]
[Kennedy] Where the fuck have you been?
You've been gone all night.
I was following Nichols.
She and another woman
just went down the gap.
- Who was the other woman?
- I think it was her friend. Uh. Shirley?
- [sighing] Oh. fuck.
- What?
- What's with the face?
Nothing. I-I just know...
I know where Juliette's going.
- Mechanical?
- No. it's deeper than that.
- I gotta...
- That doesn't change shit for us.
Actually. it changes
everything for everyone.
- Look. I need to go stop her. Get...
- Yeah. no.
This again? [sighs]
Okay. [sighs]
You really wanna know the truth so bad?
- Let's go ask Juliette.
- [Kennedy] She doesn't know shit.
They got her on the forgetting drugs.
She didn't even know who we were.
Well. maybe she would now.
She knew who I was
when she saw me in the mines.
- [Kennedy] Hmm.
- [Lukas] Hmm.
Okay.
Okay?
How are we getting there?
Well. he's got a way.
but you're not gonna like it.
[shushes] Don't listen to the kid.
You're gonna love it.
Hey. hey. Get this shit out of here.
What are you doing in my office?
Sorry. I. um. didn't see your badge.
This your office?
- Since...
- Since the current shadow
hasn't shown for two days.
McLain's nowhere to be found.
Someone's gotta run this place.
And you're that person?
I'm McLain's former shadow.
which makes me
more qualified than anyone else.
And unlike the current shadow.
I've never missed a day of work.
You're not too fond of Orla Kent?
No. She took my job.
Your name is Glenda?
It is.
So she took your boyfriend too?
[scoffs]
Listen. Mike Davidson is no more Orla's
boyfriend than you are mine. Sheriff.
but he does like
to think everyone loves him.
And sometimes because he's an asshole.
he'll go out of his way to prove it.
So. she didn't take Mike from you.
but she did take your job?
[sighs] I shouldn't be so small about it.
To be honest. losing the shadow job. I...
I was a little relieved.
Because?
Because
maybe it gave me
a chance to go home for a bit.
That's on 70. The mines.
Ed Harwood is your...
Father.
The legend himself.
Somebody in trouble for something?
When was the last time you saw Orla Kent?
Wait.
I know this place.
You used to come down here a lot.
You had a boyfriend.
George...
- Right?
- Yeah.
You used to come down to the Void.
You never told me about him. but I knew.
I told you. Sorry.
[mysterious music playing]
What are you doing?
- What. Jules?
- [Juliette] Wait.
Hey. hey. Can you hit the lights?
Come and look at this.
- Here.
- What?
[Juliette] Here.
[Shirley] Yeah?
So there's gotta be a latch or...
Some way to open it.
[Juliette] What is this? Wait.
Wait.
Hey. hey.
Walker said she sealed it off.
Clearly not.
- [metallic clunk]
- [Shirley] I'll go see who it is.
Take this.
And shut the door!
[mysterious. eerie music playing]
[sighs]
[clears throat]
[groans softly]
[music continues]
[typing]
[computer chiming]
- [stammers]
- [typing continues]
Hello?
Who is this?
Hi. uh... uh.
this is Congressman Daniel Keene.
[stammering] Uh. who do I have
- the pleasure of speaking with?
- K.G. K.G.. it's me.
[suspenseful music playing]
Sam?
- How did you...
- I routed this through a burner.
so no one can track it.
But I gotta be quick. so just listen.
What you said about
your sister's mission didn't sit right.
All week I've had an itch about it.
so I started scratching.
And that led me down
a full-blown rabbit hole.
I found something
you're not gonna believe.
[music intensifies. continues]
[knocks on door]
[Daniel] Helen. you there?
Daniel. what are you doing here?
- Sam called. Uh. he did some digging.
- I thought he...
- I thought he didn't wanna help out.
- He found something.
Look. I know you said
you-you wanted to stop. but. uh...
Yeah. I... I. uh. don't know how
to do this on my own.
- This is us.
- Since when do you drive a minivan?
It's a rental.
From a guy who advertises on lamp posts.
It's the closest thing I could get
to inconspicuous.
- He took cash.
- Oh. thank you.
It could be stolen for all I know.
[Juliette breathing heavily]
[music ends]
[mysterious. eerie music playing]
[person coughs]
Hello?
[hoarsely] Hello. Juliette.
[fast-paced music playing]